<b>/ipinfo?ip=<span style="color:green">IP_HERE</b> - get info on IP Address \
<b>/coordinates?lat=<span style="color:green">LAT_FLOAT</span>&lon=<span style="color:green">LON_FLOAT</span></b> - get current weather info using latitude and longitude. Both default to 0.0. \
<b>/<span style="color:green">CITY_HERE</span></b> - get current weather info using city name \
<b>/forecast/coordinates?lat=<span style="color:green">LAT_FLOAT</span>&lon=<span style="color:green">LON_FLOAT</span>&days=<span style="color:green">DAYS_NUM</span></b> - get forecast info using latitude and longitude for DAYS_NUM days forward. Lat and lot default is 0.0, DAYS_NUM is 1. Maximum for DAYS_NUM is 3 (API limit) \
<b>/forecast/<span style="color:green">CITY_NAME</span>?days=<span style="color:green">DAYS_NUM</span></b> - get forecast info using city name for DAYS_NUM days forward. Default for DAYS_NUM is 1. Maximum for DAYS_NUM is 3 (API limit) \
<b>/history/coordinates?lat=<span style="color:green">LAT_FLOAT</span>&lon=<span style="color:green">LON_FLOAT</span>&start=<span style="color:green">START_DATE_OLD</span>&end=<span style="color:green">END_DATE_YOUNG</span></b> - get weather history using latitude and longitude for a period from START_DATE_OLD until END_DATE_YOUNG. Default for latitude and longitute is 0.0, while for START_DATE_OLD and END_DATE_YOUNG is 2023-5-24 and 2023-5-26, respectively. The format for dates is <b>YYYY-MM-DD</b>. The maximum amount of days between both dates is 7 or only last 7 days is possible idk. \
<b>/history/<span style="color:green">CITY_NAME</span>?start=<span style="color:green">START_DATE_OLD</span>&end=<span style="color:green">END_DATE_YOUNG</span></b> - get weather history using city name for a period from START_DATE_OLD until END_DATE_YOUNG. Default for START_DATE_OLD and END_DATE_YOUNG is 2023-5-24 and 2023-5-26, respectively. The format for dates is <b>YYYY-MM-DD</b>. The maximum amount of days between both dates is 7 or only last 7 days is possible idk.